TESTING.md, before:

Things to Test
==============

1. Do the example maps load?
2. Can you undo and redo these maps?
3. Can you create the link, follow it, and undo and redo these maps?
4. Can you download the map and open it?
5. Run the demo.
6. Test $, ? and 123 Backspace

file:///Users/alex/Source/gridmapper/gridmapper.svg?%0A%20w.dfwwfwwfw%0A%20wftv%20fw.wfwwfww.dddfw%0A%20wfffwnnnn%20nn%20wfwwfwwfw%0A%20ww%20ww%20w.dfffwfn%20nnn%20w%0A%20%20%20ww%20ww%20ww%20wfnnnn%20fd%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20ww%20ww%20ww

file:///Users/alex/Source/gridmapper/gridmapper.svg?%2813%2C11%29ffff%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ssss%20%20ff1ffdffssssv%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ffff%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ffffdfnn%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ffffnnnn%20fff%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20fddvvvf%20%20%204ffdvvfff%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ff%20%20%20%20%20f5fdddvf%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20p%20p%20p%20ffdvf%20%20%20%20fff%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20b%20t%20f2ffwf%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20p%20p%20p%20ffwfz%2821%2C11%29fwfwf%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%206fddfddfddfdv%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ddfw.dfw.df

file:///Users/alex/Source/gridmapper/gridmapper.svg?%0A%20ffffffffffffffffffffffffffff%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20ffffffffffffffffffffffffffff%0Az%0A%0A%20%20ffffffffffffffffffffffffff%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20ffffffffffffffffffffffffff%0Az%0A%0A%0A%20%20%20ffffffffffffffffffffffff%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20ffffffffffffffffffffffff%0Az%0A%0A%0A%0A%20%20%20%20ffffffffffffffffffffff%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20ffffffffffffffffffffff%0Az%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%20%20%20%20%20ffffffffffffffffffff%0A%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20ffffffffffffffffffff%0Az%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20ffffffffffffffffff%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20ffffffffffffffffff%0Az%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ffffffffffffffff%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ffffffffffffffff%0Az%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ffffffffffffff%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ffffffffffffff%0Az%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ffffffffffff%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ffffffffffff%0Az%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ffffffffff%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ffffffffff%0Az%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ffffffff%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ffffffff%0Az%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ffffff%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ffffff%0Az%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ffff%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ffff%0Az%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ff%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ff%0Az

Commit message:

Split Pen.ts into two values
Pen.lastWall is set when a door or wall is drawn in order to decide
whether invoking the same command again should rotate said element or
add a new one.

Pen.lastMove is set when moving around in order to decide whether to
jump axis in Wall Mode.

TESTING.md, after:

Automated Testing
=================

1. Set up [DalekJS](http://dalekjs.com/pages/getStarted.html).


Manual Testing
==============

1. Do the example maps load?
2. Can you undo and redo these maps?
3. Can you create the link, follow it, and undo and redo these maps?
4. Can you download the map and open it?
5. Run the demo.
6. Test $, ? and 123 Backspace
7. Type 'ww' and you should get a north wall
8. Type 'wjwkw' and you should have a wall to the west and a wall to
   the north (and not a gap in the west)

file:///Users/alex/Source/gridmapper/gridmapper.svg?%0A%20w.dfwwfwwfw%0A%20wftv%20fw.wfwwfww.dddfw%0A%20wfffwnnnn%20nn%20wfwwfwwfw%0A%20ww%20ww%20w.dfffwfn%20nnn%20w%0A%20%20%20ww%20ww%20ww%20wfnnnn%20fd%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20ww%20ww%20ww

file:///Users/alex/Source/gridmapper/gridmapper.svg?%2813%2C11%29ffff%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ssss%20%20ff1ffdffssssv%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ffff%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ffffdfnn%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ffffnnnn%20fff%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20fddvvvf%20%20%204ffdvvfff%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ff%20%20%20%20%20f5fdddvf%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20p%20p%20p%20ffdvf%20%20%20%20fff%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20b%20t%20f2ffwf%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20p%20p%20p%20ffwfz%2821%2C11%29fwfwf%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%206fddfddfddfdv%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ddfw.dfw.df

file:///Users/alex/Source/gridmapper/gridmapper.svg?%0A%20ffffffffffffffffffffffffffff%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20ffffffffffffffffffffffffffff%0Az%0A%0A%20%20ffffffffffffffffffffffffff%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20ffffffffffffffffffffffffff%0Az%0A%0A%0A%20%20%20ffffffffffffffffffffffff%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20ffffffffffffffffffffffff%0Az%0A%0A%0A%0A%20%20%20%20ffffffffffffffffffffff%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20ffffffffffffffffffffff%0Az%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%20%20%20%20%20ffffffffffffffffffff%0A%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20ffffffffffffffffffff%0Az%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20ffffffffffffffffff%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20ffffffffffffffffff%0Az%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ffffffffffffffff%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ffffffffffffffff%0Az%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ffffffffffffff%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ffffffffffffff%0Az%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ffffffffffff%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ffffffffffff%0Az%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ffffffffff%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ffffffffff%0Az%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ffffffff%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ffffffff%0Az%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ffffff%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ffffff%0Az%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ffff%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20f%20%20f%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ffff%0Az%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ff%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20ff%0Az
